are you doing stop making last two
Piloto head any grab no office but you
can't already made me happy
just be patient about the land series
and I know you wanted to see it but
we're pretty busy to work on it
[Music]
are you doing stop making plastic you
koloko editing grab no office but you
kids already made me happy
just be patient about the webseries and
I know you wanted to see it but we're
pretty busy to work on it
what the heck are you doing stop making
last eat super loco editing crap no
office but you kids already made me
happy
just be patient about the webseries and
I know he wanted to see it but we're
pretty busy to work on it
[Music]
are you doing start making plaster
Tupelo towhead any grab no office but
you can't already made me happy
just be patient about the web series and
I know you wanted to see it but we're
pretty busy to work on it
ahead are you to mean stop making class
to to Piloto editing wrap no office but
you kids already made me happy
just be patient about the webseries and
I know he wanted to see it but we're
pretty busy to work on it
[Music]
[Applause]
and I peruse these appear print up a
source is no URL that series they were
probably she did such a meter wall
smoothly Elsa for every day what will
lose time impart you
and I peruse these appear print up a so
there's no really let's see restored or
possession sudden I hear me there what
scares me Elsa for every day what will
boost each time imparts you grandiose
but all right yeah just a about the
web series and I know you wanted to see
it like a predator sheet or palette
[Music]
are you mean start making question
cioccolato a grand new office but your
tips already with me having just be
patient about the webseries and I know
we wanted to see it but we're already
busy to work on it
[Music]
are you doing stop making class teach
you to loco head any threat no office
but you kids already made me how can
just be patient about the red series and
I know you wanted to see it but they're
pretty busy to work on it
what the heck are you doing stop making
class key to local editing crap no
office but it's already lately happened
just be patient about the web series and
I know he wanted to see it but we're
already busy to work on it
[Music]
you already made me happy
just be patient about the road series
diary wanted to see the board ready to
roll
[Music]
- logo any brand or office but you can
already make me happy
just be patient about the webseries and
I know we wanted to see it but pray that
he tore it
[Music]
making class teacher logo and brand new
office but you can already make me happy
just be patient about the web series and
I know you wanted to see it but we're
ready busy to work on it ahead are you
doing start breaking question cioccolato
a brand new office but you can already
read we hand in just be patient of the
whole series and I know we wanted to see
it we're pretty busy to work on it
[Music]
are you to be stopped making last you to
loco head any grab no office but you
kids already made me happy
just be patient about the red series and
I know you wanted to see it but we're
pretty busy to work on it
[Music]
what the heck are you doing stop making
plaster tupelo co-editing crap no office
but you kids already made me happy just
be patient about the webseries and I
know you wanted to see it but they're
pretty busy to work on it
welcome to restart we came to ask
ancient immortal and that no more fish
by content already made we have can't
just be patient about the land series
and I only wanted to push you down 20 kg
torque on it
[Music]
making lasting cutolo towheaded grab no
office button kids already made me happy
just be patient about the red series and
I know he wanted to see it but they're
pretty busy too
what the heck are you doing stop making
class teacher culo co-editing crap no
office but you kids already made me
happy just be patient about the web
series and I know he wanted to see it
but we're pretty busy to work on it